Update SB,Storage,KeyVault SDK to T2 (#2)
Azure-Samples/app-service-dotnet-access-key-vault-by-msi-for-web-apps: README.md

---
page_type: sample
languages:
  - csharp
products:
  - azure
  - dotnet
  - azure-app-service
  - azure-key-vault

>   - azure-cosmosDB

Reviewer: Make sure casing is right.  I think this has to be lower

Reviewer 2: updated

> description: "This sample show how to use Azure Key Vault store Cosmos DB credential, and then create a web app interacts with the Cosmos DB."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "This sample shows how to use Azure Key Vault to store Cosmos DB key, and then create a web app that interacts with the Cosmos DB."
```

Reviewer 2: updated

urlFragment: app-service-dotnet-access-key-vault-by-msi-for-web-apps
---

# Getting started on safeguarding Web app secrets in Key Vault using convenience API

## Prerequisites

To complete this tutorial:

If you don't have an Azure subscription, create a [free account] before you begin.

### Create an auth file

> This project requires a auth file be stored in an environment variable securely on the machine running the sample. You can generate this file using Azure CLI 2.0 through the following command. Make sure you selected your subscription by az account set --subscription <name or id> and you have the privileges to create service principals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project requires an auth file path be stored in an environment variable securely on the machine running the sample. You can generate this file using Azure CLI 2.0 through the following command. Make sure you selected your subscription by az account set --subscription <name or id> and you have the privileges to create service principals.
```

Reviewer 2: updated
